I like it. Oh my god, guys. Oh my god.
We're go. No, this isn't This goes to
Minecraft.
I am Minecraft man.
This video contains lack of knowledge.
We waited an entire week to play this
map with a Minecraft movie expert.
Didn't even show. Enjoy. Hey, anyone in
here interested in playing Fortnite? I
want to just spawn in, go get Darth
Vader, the AI, put him on our team, and
talk to him.
[Music]
Again, with this guy,
it's like literally just an AI where he
hears your in-game voice and then talks
back to a gay guy. A gay guy. Like
whenever anyone that mentions AI, I'm
just going to be like, "Yeah, yeah, gay
guy." Yeah. Yeah. I have a bit of a gay
eye. I agree. Yep. Yep. Yep. No, we're
talking about like the technology AI,
you know, like Oh, chat GPT. Oh, chat
STD. Of course, GI. You have you been on
that gay technology lately? I I have not
been on GI technology. [__] How do you
explain this? Is that Sean Connory? I
know, but we wait. We can't wait much
longer. Delirious already has two
ragdolls [__] each other in our
lobby, so that's why I haven't yet. Hit
it with the R. Hit it with the R. The
hard R. There. There. There, there,
there, there.
Yeah, now they can really do what they
wanted. Ow, it's hurting me. Oh my
Where'd he go? Where'd he go? They're
out of the map. They're gone. Oh my god,
it's Minecraft man. Minecraft man.
What's that guy's name? I don't [__]
know, dude. Who is that? Jonathan. Oh
god. Chicken Jack Chucky. Something
chicken. Jack Black.
That's Jack Blackie. That's not Jack
Black. My god. I got to think of his
name. I got to think of his name.
Wait. So delicious. Wait. How? Look at
you. Oh [__] No sound. It makes no
[__] burger sounds like you find
this. Look at Look at Look at this. How
do I say
that? What the hell? We got to lose
weight, guys. I don't even want to play
this map if No. This is his map. This is
his thing, bro. He's obsessed with these
shitty ass kids movies. Wait, hold on.
Has anyone seen the Minecraft movie? I
have. All right, gentlemen. Today's
theme is the Minecraft movie and Marcel
is going to present every single trap to
us because he is cuz you are now the
Minecraft expert because Nogle is not
here. Because No, [__] this [__] Every
time we get a trap, let's just call
Noble and ask. No is sleeping. So So
who's going to be it? You know how we do
this. What are you doing? Let's let Noah
choose. Let's let No choose. No, who's
going to be death? Should we do some
Yes. Let's do the Passion of the Christ.
But it's Minecraft style somehow. Okay,
guys. Who's going to be that?
He's the redeemer.
Oh my god. He looks epic. All right.
This is it. This is it, gentlemen. This
is it. All right. The god has decided.
Has he decided? Drop anvils from the sky
and whoever dies is the chosen one. All
right. All right. No, tell us who is
going to be death. How does he pronounce
it? Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on.
Oh, the man from the future. Okay, it's
me. In the beginning of the movie, Steve
wanted Wait, you saw the movie? You saw
the movie? He wanted I seen half of the
movie. Steve wanted to go He only seen
the half. My daughters have have
attention spans. Okay. Steve wanted to
go into the caves, but that old man
wouldn't let him. He was too young. They
don't have attention spans.
Whatever. I have this [__] error on
the top of my screen. It's pissing me
off. Don't worry about the error. How
many lives do we have, Evan? Oh, yeah.
Yeah. How many How many diamonds? How
many diamonds do we have? Diamonds or
chickens or chickens? Hearts, man. We
got hearts. Minecraft.
Minecraft hearts. How many hearts do we
got? How many hearts we got? Okay. Well,
this is going to be easy because he's
going to Is this guy from the movie?
This like he's out. Not really.
No, I just wanted you to have like who
the [__] who the [__] is this guy? Jack
Black's character really wanted to go
into the mines and he couldn't. So this
old man was stopping him and then he
grew up. He was too much of a minor to
be a minor. Yeah. Ah, so he didn't kill
him. Kill him. Oh god, he shot me. The
[__] He's brutal. Jesus. He only kills
kids. This looks like a trap, huh? You
didn't know I was a That's what I'm
saying. Like this looks scary. Welcome.
No, no, look guys, to the Nether.
No, this isn't This doesn't go to
Nether. This goes to Minecraft.
Wa! That's what happens if you
don't get up into it.
Has never played death run before. It's
her first time. What's happening?
Giant caution tape on the ground.
[__] trapped. I like it. Oh my god,
guys. What? Man, I'm hungry. No. Oh my
god.
Delilious.
You know what? Maybe we should in honor
of No, we should all take a bite. Yeah,
I'm going to do it just cuz I want to
hear his voice. Is there Oh, so it was
only for Noah. Editor, [__] mute them
dumb [__] talking.
Dude, your bang got fatter, too. Holy
[__] Look at
his cheeseburgers. Got more
cheeseburgers in there. Yo, do you want
do you want to hear uh no gla at night?
[__] so good.
That's insane. All right. Wait, wait. We
probably should have We probably
shouldn't have three lives because
there's so many people playing this
time. Yeah.
So, one life down.
So, what you want to do is you want to
not for No one was acknowledging
anything there. What we try to do is
like make it so like We all lose our
lives. You know, it's it's kind of
scripted, but it's not scripted. You
know what I mean? All right, let's go
back. [__]
you. [__] you, Steve. Steve. Oh, it's
him. Does that mean I'm dead? Dead. Damn
it. I'm already dead. All right,
everyone. Hey, everyone. Hey. Come on,
fellas. Acknowledge the legend.
Acknowledge a legend. Come on. Who the
[__] is that? It's Technoblade. People
are going to flame you in the comments.
Oh, yeah. You're going to get destroyed.
Wow. He was a Minecraft YouTuber. Didn't
touch any kids and then he died. Oh
yeah. A That's so sad. I thought that
was you. No. The king of gaming. That's
such a bad brain. Oh no. He didn't touch
any kids and he died. Oh, that's so sad.
He didn't touch any kids.
He never got the opportunity.
Did you die twice already? Yeah, I died
on the first one and don't die. Sorry.
Sorry guys. Die. Sorry, guys. Sorry. Uh,
that was disrespectful.
Oh my god. Okay, I just got there now. I
can't get on him. I think All right.
Okay. Post that. So, this is where we
learn crouch jumping. And this is where
we learn about combustion. Crouching.
There you go. See that? See how much air
you got? How did you turn? Oh, I got to
go all the way back to the [__] Evan.
Evan, Evan, Evan, Evan. Yes. Thank you.
I needed that.
[Laughter]
Well, that run was great, guys.
That didn't count. You can't die twice.
Yeah.
Otherwise, it's just for entertainment
purposes. Oh, yeah. You're right. You're
right. You're right. You're right.
You're right. How did I die?
How did I die?
I'm going to sprint this one. I don't
want
You look so [__]
Okay, now that one counted.
Now you're dead. Now you're dead. You're
dead. All right, you got to go inside
the zone. You're
dead. So So past the pasta V. You hit V.
You got to hit V.
Where' she go?
I don't know. This is the first time
he's coming. That's her first time. Get
on the other side of the building. Look
at him flying. What the [__] What is
that? What are you doing? This is
stupid. Okay. Okay. I'm here. What do I
do? Up a little bit above the ground and
then click B. Not that hot. That's fine.
That's fine. Control it. Control it.
Why? How do you not pass it? Pass it.
Just run. Just run. Just run.
Oh god. Demon is a mere vessel to bully
those who are underneath you. Okay, I'm
coming. I'm coming. Please don't [__]
pressure.
In all of my years of playing Gmod, I
have never seen someone fly through the
air like this.
I
never do seen anybody no like this going
up and down. [__] what the [__] All
right, we should How many How many lives
do you have? They both had two. You both
had two. All right, let's hold hands. We
don't want to No.
Oh my
god.
Chicken. So good. All right. Wait. What
are you doing? You're still alive. I
have two lives. I have two as well. So
I'll go first. I'll go. I'm going to
die. No, you're fine. You're fine.
What the [__] What the [__] Was that a
bucket? What the hell is that? Did that
happen in the movie? Is that a reference
from the movie? That happened in the
movie. In the in the movie when when
they go to the crafting table for the
first time, he puts down the stuff and
makes a sword and then Jason Mimoa's
like, "I got this. Stand back." And he
throws a bunch of iron at it and he
makes bucket nunchucks. Oh, damn it.
[__] No should have been here. God
damn it, dude. Yeah, he would have been
so excited. All right, boys. TNT TNT.
TNT TNT.
Okay. Okay. You could have clearly got
clearly got him. Let us say first guy
safe. Second guy is also
Oh, you got both. Is that going to blow
up? Oh [__]
The Nether has been lit, bro. We needed
that. They were getting They were
getting Oh, yeah. You You Am I fully
dead? You're fully dead. The Nether. The
Nether. The Nether. Wait. Wait. This
sounds racist though. This sounds
racist. Nether. The Nether. The Nether.
The Nether. The Nether. The Nether. The
Nether. The Nether. What's up, my
Nethers? What's going on? What's going
on? Uhoh. Come on. Come on. Cheeky
jockey him. Cheeky jockey him.
What is Oh, he got teleported. He got
teleported over there. I'm dead.
And everybody's out alive. No one made
it. As a child, I yearned for the mines.
Who said that? Jack collected. As a
child, I yearn for the minds. As an
adult, he yearns for the mind.
I I didn't say that joke earlier just
because I was like, nah, that's such low
hanging fruit. Yeah. Right. Why don't
you take one step? Just one little step.
Half a step forward. So, we got two
hearts. Two hearts, right? Two hearts.
Child, I yearned for the minds.
Okay. Is that done?
After the
line here, Evan resets the [__] mind.
But the line though, as a child, I yearn
for the mind.
She's yearning.
Well, papa has one heart. No, hold on.
Hold on. Sh. Listen. As a child, I
yearned for the minds.
[Laughter]
LA.
Hey traps. You come back with me. What
the hell? When we play death run, we
play with integrity.
All right. Now, walk through the trap.
Now make a move. Make a move. She only
has one life left. Don't make her go
first. Walk through the valley in the
Go.
I was afraid that diamond diamonds. We
found diamonds. Like somebody had
fortune three.
Okay. Don't eat the burger. Don't eat
the burger. Go past. So hold on, hold
on, guys. Guys, guys, in the movie,
guys, listen. Follow directions for She
is literally good. It's actually We said
don't eat it. What the hell? Self
control. All right. Come on. Come on.
Come on. Come on. All right. All right.
I still got two hearts. Also, it's funny
you died from diamonds. Did you get any
diamonds? Dying. You really put the dye
in diamonds.
Let the first person Let the first
person live.
Holy [__] Look at his body. Oh my god.
Look at me.
Well done right there.
Come here. Anybody got a golden apple?
You want me? You want to test me, [__]
You want to test me? You want moonwalk?
You want moonwalk? [__] You just
sprinted. I didn't even fall into it.
Pasta. I did it. I did in the morning.
Come on, Pasta. Let's go. Is there no
way he can disable? She forgot.
Oh my god. She turned the cheeseburger.
I forgot again. I'm dead. How do we No.
You actually You actually have to
What is that? Did you see that [__]
Hold on. Now do that again. I'm going to
put it in slow motion. What? Me? Okay.
And then I think I can escape this.
Yep, you're right. All right, listen.
Let's get the [__]
Come on. Let's get it. Let's get it. Get
it in. Get it done. Come on, guys. Come
on. Get it in. Evan, you got two lives.
Go.
Wow. What the [__] is that? Drop the
base.
Does that not count? Does that Are you
distracted? Do I go
for you? But that was amazing. The
Nether. The
Nether. The The Nether. The Nether. The
Nether. For [__] sakes. Okay. All
right. I'm
going. Damn
it. There he is. There he is. Well, I am
a bird, so you know, it makes sense,
dude. See, it's hard to crouch jump and
not hit this [__] shift key. Yeah.
Yeah. It's like a natural [__]
acrylic.
Try with I don't even know what this one
is. I'm getting a twofer. I'm getting a
twofer. I'm getting a twofer.
Oh my god.
Hey, he got out. I swear to God his
corpse on my screen turned into a
swastika.
That's very possible. Very possible.
Jockey.
That would have been crazy. That would
have been crazy, man. Tyler, how many
lives you have?
Think you and I both have one. Yes, sir.
[__] I was going to I was going to
sacrifice myself. You had two. I forget.
Actually, wait. Where did I die? Why are
you running backwards? Where are you
going? I'm trying to remember where I
died. I died to the diamonds in the
beginning, right? Oh, [__]
Now you got steel. Why are you sitting
in a chair?
I'm I'm enjoying the I'm enjoying the
view. Please leave me the [__] alone. I
don't want a dick and jockey.
Dick and jockey.
Turning jockey. Are you Are you starting
to understand? Are you watching the
second half of the movie, Delirious?
catching up on that. Man, this movie is
[__]
[Music]
I don't know why this looks so stupid.
All right, intermission. I'm done. I'm
done.
Oh, you're done. You're done. It's
ending right now.
What? Dude, he fell in lava. Did you
walk in lava? No.
All right. He um we're done, right?
Brian Even the death died. 11. All
right. Yeah. Who's going first? I'll go
first. I ain't no Hold on. You can hear
the line. Hold on. As a child, I yearned
for the minds.
Here we go.
All right. And we can go in there. Same
thing. Good job.
Here. This for you. No. Glass. Since
you're not here. You've already eaten
this. You're Oh, yeah.
Oh my god.
Oh, [__] Did you forget? Did
you Did you forot? God damn it. All
right, let's all hold hands and go
together. Okay. Okay. Okay. Three. This
is the one that keeps killing you. One.
Go.
Oh, the chicken.
Oh, he wanted it. He wanted it.
Chicken. Eat it. Where's the chicken at?
It's a racist ass trap, dude. No, you're
You didn't even go, [__] I That was
supposed to trick pasta, not you. A Gmod
veteran. Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Wait a minute. I got one more life left.
We had three lives. I got his life. You
died to two. Come on, Delirious. You got
it. You got it. God damn it. Papa, why?
Why?
Here, get under me. Get out of here. Get
off me,
Papa. Just a bunch of [__] burgers.
Now I'm dead.
Okay. Ready? Ready. Ready. I wasn't even
in the trap. Double. Oh my god.
Flint and Steel. Got one life left. Come
on, Blackjack. You got this. Blackjack.
I love to go to Vegas and I love to play
the Jack Black. I love it.
I love to play Jack Black. The Nether.
The Nether.
My Nether. What up, man? Get the beans.
Get the beans. Get the beans. Oh, no. We
actually got it. We got it. We got a
wave. What? No one got pearl. Touch the
pearl. Got it. Wait, is this the last
trap? I don't know. It's parkour. Oh my
god. We got to parkour all the way up.
Oh [__] Oh wow. God. Oh my god. Yeah.
Destruction.
Electro wings. Oh my god. Where'd he go?
He went way up top. There he comes.
Coming down. Here I am. Wings. Look at
these elytra wings. All right. Well, now
I guess we're all we're all together
now. These are all crafts. First wins.
Oh, Death gets to watch. He goes to We
all have to go through here. But I want
to do it. All of us. But I want to do
it. Why don't we all start and try?
Yeah. I think nobody [__] won. Yeah,
this has been a absolute disaster. No
didn't show up. None of us have seen the
goddamn saw. We're all going to do it.
We're all ate all the [__]
McDonald's. We're all going to race up
there. Whoever gets up there, we're all
going to be racist. Let's go. All right.
Come on, Pasta. Pasta time to start yet.
Yeah, let's let's give let's give pasta
a head start. Yeah. Yeah. Pasta, you go.
All right. When pasta hits the third
platform, we all go. Third. 23rd will
still be good. Oh, that's the first.
There's the second. All right. When she
hits the platform, are she on first?
Here comes the second. Here
comes the monster hits the third
platform.
Look away. Look away. I get nervous. I
get nervous. Crouch. Crouch. Jump. There
she goes. First platform. in the second.
He fell in the lava. Oh my god.
Let me let me test. It's like that.
Oh my god. I honestly think we if we
backed out and put her on the knives, it
would be a 4hour video. There you go.
There we go. One more. All right. Go,
go, go, go, go, go, go. Everybody go.
[__] Giggling. I can't stop giggling.
Wait. Is Is he Is he up there? Watch
out. He's climbing. He's climbing. Oh my
god, dude. He's climbing the Nether.
Excuse me. The Nether. He's climbing the
Nether. I lost my muscle. Remember,
remember guys, hold shifty. Hold shifty.
Hold shift. Hold shifty. You don't fall
off the edge.
I get what he's going for. The
Minecraft joke. I Why do I keep [__]
doing that one? Oh my god. I I got I got
this. [__] I'm not going to call this
so high so many times now. I lost. You
know what? I'm going to third
person. I'm going to third person mode.
Third person mode. Here we go.
One, two, and three, four, five, [__]
[__]
[__] One jump, two jump, red jump, blue
jump.
[Music]
I hate this. Please, someone make it.
Please don't make it already. Never
stop. Don't Are you having sex up there?
He's still climbing Steve up there with
a He's up there with a Oh my god. Uh,
how far is he? I see Vanos, dude. I'm
[__] jump. Oh, there he is. I s I saw
Marcel. He jumped the gap. No. Cat's
right behind you, V. I'm right behind
you. Listen, one of us is going to make
it. Okay. No. God damn. My [__] lips,
dude. [__] What?
Godamn. Okay. I just I need to take a
break. I need to take a break up here.
Breathe. Breathe. Breathe. Breathe.
Breathe. Arth, what are you doing here?
I fell. Oh, I'm going to kill myself.
Have me throw the grenades just for fun.
Listen, it's just now I'm in it. I fell
all the way back down. I'm [__] Oh
no. What are you doing up there, huh? Oh
[__] You
[__] way up there. [__]
[__] Random rogue grenade.
No. That wasn't me.
Oh my god. Jump. Two jump. Red jump.
Blue jump. Are you up there? You made it
up there. No. He went the wrong way.
There's two ways to go. Go this way.
No.
He made it. That's [__] man. I
could have won. He did it. Yeah. I'm I'm
being made through the portal. I mean,
we can wait till everybody goes.
[__]
We're stuck here forever. Wish. No. No.
We're done. You won. Everybody get up
here. Come on. Shut up. Shut the [__]
up. Shut up. Hilarious. You want to just
fly up there, Marcel? [__] no. I want
to jump.
This is This is a safe one. You can go
straight here. You can go straight. You
can go straight. I swear to God. Yep.
And then make one more. You two more
jumps. Two more jumps. Full W. If I
fall, if I W crouch jump. No sprinting.
Full crouch. If I [__] fall, I'm
coming right back to here. Okay. Okay,
that's fine. It's possible you won't
fall cuz
it's that one. Why did you go to that
one? Nothing. That's the one you pointed
to. I'm the exact one you pointed to.
This one. This one. No, Brian. You
pointed to that one. I'm not Brian. I
Brian pointed to that one. I got a
finger.
See? Come on. [__] All right. All
right. Where's Everybody go through the
portal.
Where's she? She's on the other side of
the portal. All right. It's time. All
right. Is everybody here? Everybody
here. Winners. I'm the winner. I go
right. And losers. Losers coming this
way. You got losers. Go ahead that way.
Oh, hey Fa. Hey. Everybody get a seat.
Everybody get a seat. Everybody get a
seat. No way. You're in the [__]
movie. That's so cool. So, this is in
the movie, right? Yeah. Or the second
half, maybe. The second half. Everybody
like went crazy and wrecked the the
theaters when he said chicken. Yeah. Is
everybody ready? Call Nola. You should
say it. Say something and then press.
Call Nola. Call Nola. He's not going to
answer. He's going to get pissed if Holy
[__] Yeah, but it's for I think it's a
good reason. If you call him Evan, he'll
probably Evan's calling me. Yeah, if
Evan calls, he'll he'll like he'll wake
up. I was gonna say call him, yell
chicken, and hang up on Evan. The [__]
Please. Please.
[Music]
Your call has been forwarded to
voicemail.
Chicken Jackie, chicken is unavailable.
[__] sakes, dude.
[__] sake. We did it, dude. You should
have let it go till like, please record
your message. Oh, [__] Well, I was
worried it would say his number. [__]
[__]
Congratulations. The Minecraft movie
made a boatload of money. You're rich.
The film industry is now [__] Oh,
yeah. Well, GG's, Wildcat. You are the
winner of Minecraft. Remember this?
Remember this? Y'all [__] want some
popcorn? I don't remember you saying
that, but Tyler did. I didn't take out
of my video. Wait, what?
I don't remember that. It was It was the
It was the Pluto Nash episode. And at
the very end of my video, after the
outro, Tyler goes, "Y'all [__] want
some popcorn."
Allegedly. Allegedly. Allegedly.
Allegedly. Allegedly. There's no proof
of that.
Yeah. I wonder I wonder what it's what
it looks like. It says that's a hard
waffle. A nick waffle. What the [__] is
that? Who made that? It's a European
actual ice cream. Wait, is that actually
a thing? Yeah, no. Uh
oh, that says no. I from before I zoomed
in. That's I Oh, right.
Oh, no. Oh, no. Tell me who's that girl
you saw me out with another. I already
who's that girl you saw me out with my
brothers. I was a kid. So who's that
girl you? I saw you out with another.
You want to get back? Who's that girl
you wish,